#INSTRUCTIONS
  
  1. Create Azure subscription. 
	2. https://portal.azure.com/ you should be directed here. If you already have a subscription, head straight here.
	3. Create a machine learning resource. 
		a. Search Machine Learning
		b. Click create on the top left
	4. Creation:
		a. Ensure correct subscription is connected if you have multiple to choose from
		b. For resource group – click create new. Name your resource group as you wish (maybe "MLworkshopWWC")
		c. Name your workspace
		d. Select "Australia East" as your region
		e. Click create new storage account and give it a name. Leave the replication as Locally Redundant Storage (LRS)
		f. Key Vault and Application Insights will prefill themselves once you create a storage account
		g. Leave container registery as None
		h. Hit review and create!
	This will begin to deploy the resources – should take approx 5mins. Click "go to resource" once deployed.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	HIT THE LAUNCH STUDIO!
	
	ML Studio will open in a new tab
	
	
	ML STUDIO
	
	1. First thing will be to create compute resources.
		a. Find compute on the left panel
		b. Click "Create compute instance"
		c. Similarly create compute clusters
		d. Let's create an inference cluster 

	2. Lets create some data! First we'll go through local files method. 
		a. In the repo you will find a dataset called "AirBNB data". Please download this file – it’s a table of airBnB data from NY
		b. In the left panel, find the datasets tab. In the tab, click "Create Dataset" and pick "From local files"
	
  3. Let's try from a datastore method.
		a. Lets go back to our portal. In the hope, click on the resource group we created.
		b. Head into the storage account and then into the blob store within that.
		c. Click create container. This will be similar to a new folder for your data that out Azure ML can read data from.
		d. Create a container by giving it a name.
		e. Click into the container you have just created, and click upload. 
		f. In the repo you will find a dataset called "AirBNB data". Please download this file – it’s a table of airBnB data from NY
		g. Upload the downloaded file.
		h. Head back to the Azure ML Studio tab. You should be in the datasets tab from the panel on the left.
		i. In the create a dataset options, now pick "From a datastore"
		j. Give the dataset you're creating a name – AirBnB perhaps
		k. As we are looking at a CSV, the data type is tabular
		l. Select "workspaceblobstore" as the datastore type.
		m. For the Path, you can choose to browse. This will allow you to browse the blobstore.
	
  4. Lets try from Open Datasets
		a. In the create a dataset option, chose "from an open dataset"
		b. Search for NYC. You will see the NYC taxi dataset. 
		c. Here you will be asked to select a date range for the dataset. Pick the last month.
		d. Click create!
	
  5. You should see all the datasets you have created now.


We now have machines and data ready to go. This is all we need to create ML models!

First we are going to set up an AutoML run. This can run in the background for us.
	1. Pick AutoML from the panel on the left.
	2. Select the NYC Taxi dataset that should pre-populate.
	3. 
